The son is so capable
He actually defeated King Jing and took down Baihua Building
Oops what is this
I just used Cheng
The contradiction between the prime minister and the king of Jin
Just a little provocation
Bosses
Welcome to our first Dayu auction
Then we will auction next.
Regional agency rights for three commodities?
This boss
What is agency
Social agency?
The right to sell goods in a certain area
For example?
For example, boss, you bought the agency rights in Beijing.
In Beijing, I only supply products to you.
I don't know what products are available.
Our first product?
It's this Vast Sky Mirror
The plum blossom in the afterlife?
Pairan
The technology stolen by 30 spies from the Western Regions?
Avoid cash first
It's so precise.
Is this a treasure?
Ok then
We will first auction this economy 26 line
agency
Price 50,000 two
55,000 taels of words 65,000 taels
You have no money, get out of here
I 100,000 two
It seems that Ruyan really wants to do business.